This one, is dedicated, to you

Foxy Brown.. Wayne Wonder..
Puttin it down.. whoa oh oh oh.. cmon

But the saddest day of my life
Was when she left me with a broken heart
I was feeling the pain  the pain, the pain
The saddest day of my life
Was when she left me with a broken heart
I was going insane  yeahh yeahh

Now Im the type of bitch thats one of a kind
Yall know, the kind of bitch that like to sip that fine wine
Like to be on top or, get it from behind
Either way I throw the pussy like the free throw line
Break a nigga spine, tote a calico and dare
Any bitch fi come try test mine
Violate, one time, I cock the nine
You, motherfuckin right I bust a bitch over mine
Shit, niggas can cheat and put tips in bitches waist
But when we slip up, get a gun in our face
Have me missin show dates, heart beatin slow pace
Wonder what he doin, who the fuck he screwin
Bitches aint shit; know that thats your man
And they still fuck around and try to suck the nigga dick
And Im a bad bitch, I dont play that bullshit
Bitchll catch wreck, I aint got a full deck nigga

Ever since I was a little girl, always wanted to know
How the fuck these niggas think, why de man a move so
Why would you jeapordize your whole life
Fuckin one bitch for one night; blame it on the liquor
How would you feel if I fucked another nigga
And told you that that motherfucker made me cum quicker?
Youd probably grab the gat and put two in my back
One in my face, nigga but its one in my waist
Go head and slip, watch me shut down this bitch
Cheat on who? Nigga Ill be gone before you
And when you with the one you love, disrespect the game
fore he drive you insane, losin your fuckin brain

Foxy Brown.. Wayne Wonder..
Puttin it down.. whoa oh oh oh.. cmon

For months I used to cry, felt like I wanted to die
Kept asking God why, do I deserve this?
We all make mistakes, aint nobody perfect
Were human, and through it all, I remained a good woman to you
Prayin for strength and losin my faith
How could you lay in our bed and lie in my face?
Jumpin out my sleep
Havin nightmares of me tossin and turnin, my heart still burnin
Watchin me suffer, relivin my fears
Holdin my pillow close while you dryin my tears
Stop your blood claat cryin, need to stop lyin
And look me in my eyes fore these plates start flyin
And how the fuck could you disrespect us
Everything we stand for, all our love and our trust
Seems like I said before, you wont appreciate me
And everything we have til Im out the fuckin door

Try to erase, all the memories
Theyre the ones they gon see
If I could forget, all about the past
Oh no no no   how long will this go onnnn?
