Okay (Ahh)

Yeah (Ahh)

Oh, we about to get it just a little hot and sweaty in this mothafucka (Ooh, baby)

Ladies, lets go (Uhh)

Soldiers, lets go (Dolls)

Let me talk to yall and just, you know, give you a little situation

Listen (Fellas)

You see this shit get hot

Every time I come through when I step up in the spot (Are you ready?)

Make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout

Prowl for the best chick, yes, Im on the lookout (Lets dance)

Slow bangin shorty like a belly dancer wit it

Smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta wit it (Ooh, baby)

No tricks, only diamonds under my sleeve

Gimme the number, but make sure you call before you leave

I know you like me (I know you like me)

I know you do (I know you do)

Thats why whenever I come around, shes all over you

And I know you want it (I know you want it)

Its easy to see (Its easy to see)

And in the back of your mind

I know you should be fuckin with me

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?

Dont cha? Dont cha?

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?

Dont cha? (Ah ah ah) Dont cha?

Fight the feeling (Fight the feeling)

Leave it alone (Leave it alone)

Cause if it aint love

It just aint enough to leave a happy home (Uh uh, uh uh)

Lets keep it friendly (Lets keep it friendly)

You have to play fair (You have to play fair, yeah)

See, I dont care

But I know, she aint gon wanna share (Ah, ah ah)

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (Oh)

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)

Dont cha? Dont cha, baby?

Dont cha? Alright, sing

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)

Dont cha? (Ah ah ah) Dont cha?

Okay, I see how its goin down

Seem like shorty wanna little ménage pop off or somethin

Lets go

Well, let me get straight to it

Every broad wanna watch a nigga when I come through it

Its the God almighty, lookin all brand new

If shorty wanna jump in my Aston Vanquish

Lookin at me all like she really wanna do it

Tryna put it on me til my balls black and blueish

You wanna play with a player, girl, then play on

Strip out the Chanel and leave the lingerie on (Ha)

Watch me and Ima watch you at the same time

Lookin at you wanna break my back

Youre the very reason why I keep a pack of the Magnum

And with the wagon, hit you in the back of the Magnum

For the record, dont think it was something you did

Shorty all on me cause its hard to resist the kid

I got a idea thats dope for yall

As yall could get cold so I could hit the both of yall

See, I know she loves ya (I know she loves ya)

I understand (I understand, yeah)

Id probably be just as crazy about you if you were my own man

Maybe next lifetime (Maybe next lifetime)

Possibly (Possibly)

Until then, old friend, your secret is safe with me (Shh, hot)

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? (Oh)

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? (Like me)

Dont cha? Dont cha, baby?

Dont cha? Alright, sing

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? (Raw)

Dont cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? (Big fun)

Dont cha? (Ah ah ah) Dont cha?