Am I throwing you off?
Nope
Didnt think so
How you doing, young lady?
That feeling that you giving really drives me crazy
Youre dope have a player bout to choke
I was at a loss of words first time that we spoke
You looking for a girl thatll treat you right
Have you looking for her in the daytime with the light
You might be the type if I play my cards right
Ill find out by the end of the night
You expect me to just let you hit it
But will you still respect me if you get it?
All I can do is try, gimme one chance
Whats the problem? I dont see no ring on your hand
Ill be the first to admit it
Im curious about you, you seem so innocent
You wanna get in my world, get lost in it
Boy, Im tired of running, lets walk for a minute (hey)
Promiscuous girl, wherever you are
Im all alone and its you that I want
Promiscuous boy, you already know
That Im all yours, what you waiting for?
Promiscuous girl, youre teasing me
You know what I want, and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, lets get to the point
Cause were on a roll, you ready?
Roses are red, some diamonds are blue
Chivalry is dead, but youre still kinda cute
Hey, I cant keep my mind off you
Where you at? Do you mind if I come through?
Im out of this world come with me to my planet
Get you on my level, do you think that you can handle it?
They call me Thomas, last name Crown
Recognize game, Ima lay mines down
Im a big girl I can handle myself
But if I get lonely I might need your help (whoa)
Pay attention to me, I dont talk for my health
I want you on my team
So does everybody else
Shh, baby we can keep it on the low (low)
Let your guard down aint nobody gotta know (know)
If you with it girl I know a place we can go
What kind of girl do you take me for? (Hey)
Promiscuous girl, wherever you are
Im all alone and its you that I want
Promiscuous boy, you already know
That Im all yours, what you waiting for?
Promiscuous girl, youre teasing me
You know what I want, and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, lets get to the point
Cause were on a roll, you ready?
Dont be mad, dont get mean
Dont get mad, dont be mean
Hey, dont be mad, dont get mean
Dont get mad, dont be mean
Wait, I dont mean no harm
I can see you with my t shirt on
I can see you with nothing on
Feeling on me before you bring that on
Bring that on?
You know what I mean
Girl, Im a freak you shouldnt say those things
Only trying to get inside of your brain
To see if you can work me the way you say
Its okay, its alright
I got something that you gon like
Hey, is that the truth or are you talking trash?
Is your game M.V.P. like Steve Nash? (Hey)
Promiscuous girl, wherever you are
Im all alone and its you that I want
Promiscuous boy, Im callin ya name
But youre driving me crazy, the way youre making me wait
Promiscuous girl, youre teasing me
You know what I want, and I got what you need
Promiscuous boy, were one in the same
So we dont gotta play games no more