"We Belong Together"

Sweet love, yeah

I didnt mean it when I said I didnt love you so
I shouldve held on tight, I never shouldve let you go
I didnt know nothing, I was stupid, I was foolish
I was lying to myself
I couldnt have fathomed I would ever be without your love
Never imagined Id be sitting here beside myself
Guess I didnt know you, guess I didnt know me
But I thought I knew everything I never felt

The feeling that Im feeling now that I dont hear your voice
Or have your touch and kiss your lips cause I dont have a choice
Oh, what I wouldnt give to have you lying by my side
Right here, cause, baby (We belong together)

When you left, I lost a part of me (Together)
Its still so hard to believe
Come back, baby, please
(Come back, come back, come back, come back)
Cause we belong together
Who else am I gonna lean on when times get rough? (Who else)
Whos gonna talk to me on the phone til the sun comes up? (Who else)
Whos gonna take your place? There aint nobody better (Who else)
Oh, baby, baby, we belong together

I cant sleep at night, when you are on my mind
Bobby Womacks on the radio
Singing to me, "If you think youre lonely now"
Wait a minute, this is too deep (Too deep)
I gotta change the station
So I turn the dial, tryin to catch a break
And then I hear Babyface, "I only think of you"
And its breaking my heart
Im tryna keep it together, but Im falling apart

Im feelin all out of my element
Throwin things, cryin
Tryin to figure out where the hell I went wrong
The pain reflected in this song
Aint even half of what Im feeling inside
I need you, need you back in my life, baby (My life, my life)
(We belong together)

When you left, I lost a part of me (Together)
Its still so hard to believe
Come back, baby, please
(Come back, come back, come back, come back)
Cause we belong together
Who else am I gonna lean on when times get rough? (Who will?)
Whos gonna talk to me on the phone til the sun comes up? (Who will?)
Whos gonna take your place? There aint nobody better (Who will?)
Oh, baby, baby, we belong together, baby
(We belong together) (Who will?)

When you left, I lost a part of me (Who will?)
Its still so hard to believe (Who will?)
Come back, baby, please
(Come back, come back, come back, come back)
Cause we belong together
Who am I gonna lean on when times get rough? (Who will?)
Whos gonna talk to me til the sun comes up? (Who will?)
Whos gonna take your place? There aint nobody better (Who will?)
Oh, baby, baby, we belong together

(Who will? Who will? Who will?)
We belong together